clarify the cases where a key rotation is necessary (#1496)
fluxcd/website: content/en/flux/installation.md

* [GitHub.com and GitHub Enterprise](#github-and-github-enterprise)
* [GitLab.com and GitLab Enterprise](#gitlab-and-gitlab-enterprise)

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

## Deploy key rotation

There are several reasons you may want to rotate the deploy key:

- The key has been compromised.
- You want to change the key's scope, e.g. to allow write access using the `--read-write-key` flag to `flux bootstrap`.

> While you can run `flux bootstrap` repeatedly be aware that the `flux-system` Kubernetes Secret is never overwritten.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While you can run `flux bootstrap` repeatedly, be aware that the `flux-system` Kubernetes Secret is never overwritten.
```

> You'll have to manually rotate the key as described here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You need to manually rotate the key as described here.
```
